[Music]
hello you know it's late but they do go
supernova
you say after Kino de americanos in
estas he knows my name your pizza is
delicious thank you for having us
Redondo it fits our show
[Music]
I'm enrolled in my opinion the most
exciting place to pizza in Italy
I always thought of Italian pizza as the
iconic Neapolitan style wood-fired with
the inflated crust a little wet in the
center but as soon as I came to Rome
they totally opened my eyes When in Rome
for pizza you have to try the two styles
they're known for pizza Italia which is
rectangular and sold by weight and Pizza
Romana tone de round like a Neapolitan
but much thinner and crispier the
important thing about pizza here in Rome
is that they've have to be super thin
and crispy I'm gonna spend some time
with Italia legend Gabriella bunchy
Pizza innovator stefano Caligari Wow
never seen that high-end chefs getting
into the pizza game Wow and as always
eat a ton of pizza with some special
characters first I'm heading to Roche
only one of the most legendary bakeries
in Rome
[Music]
this place is incredible I think will
surely may be my favorite place on earth
from the breads to the pastries to the
pizza and all look so good this fourth
generation family business is run by
baking legend Pierluigi this bakery has
been founded in 1824 what my uncle my
grand uncle did would keep doing that
I'm meeting up with Pierre Luigi's head
Baker Cesare he came here to Roche only
four years ago from Canada he's gonna
give me a tour of the bakery and show me
how to make some of that pizza so what
made you come out here to work here I
was the only supposed to do a two-week
internship here four years later
like for real and now here during the
day I run the bakery okay but I started
off in the pizzeria that's what I really
came for was for the pizza if you want
I'm gonna load up the mixer and we'll do
a pizza dough I love that
the pizza do we make is super simple
like it's nothing complicated this is
250 grams of unbleached sea salt because
this you have all your bacterias and
enzymes that always help with the rice
so for this amount of flour like the
amount of yeast I'll put just be like
this match oh my god
the last ingredient that we use in our
pizza dough which a lot of places don't
use as mill the sugars from the milk
will give a more golden color and this
will help break down the yeast you don't
see these mixes in mistakes this looks
like two hands you have the double arms
that make it seem like you're doing it
by hand all right doing that you
strengthen your dole and you incorporate
much more air it makes the biggest
difference the thing is is that I'll be
doing this while I'm in there I'll know
one when I have to put the water when I
hear it slapping against the bowl right
this is very rare for me to be here
right now just Dani you know I mean cuz
you're here you're answering the phone
you're arguing with someone let it down
in the store okay you gotta use all your
senses here to get the job done
I don't even have words to explain like
how crazy it is depends at one side so
is this is this the main pizza room is
this where all the pizzas made this is
where we do all the pizza and then at
night time they bake here okay what is
the history of of Pierluigi basically
your mentor he comes from a family of
like 70 generations of bakers Wow like
when they started here it was it was for
real a mom-and-pop type place right but
if you G as he grew up he started
learning and he made it something else
you know what I mean so he came from
Bacon family but he really became
obsessed with Roman style baking and
obsessed is not even the word it's
almost an illness that's all of us huh
this is what I came here for is for this
pizza Bianca so this is it this is ready
to go I'll just make sure that it's not
sticking to the board it is red of all
I've never seen this process
Wow bunches all up huh this is probably
the most important part cuz this is when
you'll find out if you're gonna put it
in even or not talk about technique this
takes a real master so this will go in
touch the back
uh-huh Wow Wow Wow you just have to do
it a thousand like a thousand times and
then maybe you get it so people are
clear this pizza does not go into the
oven as big as it looks this pizza goes
in as a bunch and then when it's in
there
the pizza maker stretches it out as it
brings the the peel out incredible
technique takes a master to do it cannot
do this on your first try so this is the
pizza Bianca I just brushed olive oil on
it which is what we do when we take it
out but if you smell it it smells almost
fries oh yeah I mean the one thing that
is this I kind of make them me laughs
it's like you know after just coming
from Napoli the way they treat the pizza
god forbid I touched the pizza in one
way wrong you know everyone started
flipping out you know over here it's
like you guys just think the beats out
of club didn't have put one on top of
the other one by some olive oil on top
and it's like so everyone's in a rush
yeah no one's got time for like fancy
but yeah let's go put it out I got a
bite I gotta go I got like to do and now
it's time to try some of Roche all these
famous pizza my mouth is watering this
is your standard Roman breakfast right
here this is it here included I love it
maybe I need to move to Rome so
basically what we got here is the most
classic of the classics of any Roman
bakery pizza Bianca with mortadella
and the other classic is the pizza dosa
just with the raw tomato sauce and
nothing else so light and flaky
there's nothing better Rizzoli is
obviously known for Pete's Italia but in
the past few years Pier Luigi has been
working with the other famous pizza
style in Rome tone de Wow totally Wow
the round thin and crispy distant cousin
to the Neapolitan pizza Emma a new Roman
pizzeria is just down the street
Pierluigi created a dough recipe and
brought me over for a nice little pizza
lunch you see this what is supposed to
happen with ramen pizza if you keep like
this it stays a since that transient
[Music]
so good I think this is the better pizza
to fill the quality of the ingredients
because there the dog is so light that
gives you the chance to feel everything
you put on top right right there's
nothing masking it there's nothing
covering it up
[Music]
all over Italy right now the pizzeria
are getting better with the service or
with the wine list and my idea is be
honest
make your own pizza make with great
ingredients behind the sphere of
customer make the money to pay your
employees to have a good life right but
don't think that you save life you're a
pizza maker I'm a bread baker Yeah right
relax
yes that's a great philosophy to me sue
see you thank you so much the pizza
scene in rome wasn't always as refined
as it is today
15 years ago Giancarlo Casas realized
that Pizza could be treated the same way
as a dish at any other good restaurant
with a focus on quality he loves pizza
and he also loves cats the cat the Pizza
ratio here is on point
obviously you're a cat lover how did
this become the name of your place
Romilly bloody story Ducati a chasm one
do you feel an avocado juice oh no grand
you're my channel fantasy my story
diggity drag Kui claw favela delegate
amin jonah
Radhika what everyone tells us is that
you helped rejuvenate pizza here in Rome
Milan Oceano antonova quando new album
Alberto Lagoon Co Nutella pizza era
different ingredient IDO I know SCA
economic non-super da Vasudha mental
Iguala da Aaron opinion disposable
kilobits a developer fort saga sorry
bajo la nostra most Sabine Chen tostada
well la de port Arielle equalities surah
visa so we salumi formaggi sub - Tegan
gradient quail Assad Elmo D / Kui Adama
Budo success abbastanza Ravi door
okay here they come Wow so how would you
consider your style with pizza like a
mix from Roman Napolitan nineteen
avoidant and Roman to me the looks of it
is very much like a Napoli style pizza
what would make it ten percent Roman a
little bit of crunch that remained okay
wow this was incredible Wow
they are so good oh this is a very
particular pizza Wow Vicky this attend
burger sonic duo cheetah
Mary Nadine L oreal paper on Chino
there's so much flavor it's a balance
between the sweet and the spicy really
really good so how have you seen the
landscape of Pizza change here in Rome
Bella give lol metamorphose a solamente
multimedia Ryoji Ikeda ban on shareable
what I wanted you've obviously
influenced some of the biggest and most
important uh pizzerias in the in the
world right now at the pizza that you've
done it's unbelievable
[Music]
so I'm standing outside a spunk or when
a Stefano Caligari is pizzerias in Rome
he's known for trapizzino is pizza
sandwiches that are kind of all over the
world now he's known for a cacio e pepe
pizza here at spunk oh it's made with
ice cubes on top of the doll I'm super
excited to go inside and see the process
how many restaurants do you operate now
now Roma three pitch ideas okay then
cappuccino is something like a dozen
around the world
when did you start like what's your
background in cooking just by my own but
just for fun but I working to our Baker
know making bread just selling and to
make something like that then I studied
a lot in able so we're friends because
neighbors is the partier right you know
right so you just have to learn from
there right and then you find your way
because of Calgary's deep understanding
of classic Italian cuisine he's able to
build on that tradition and create
something new one of his most innovative
creations is as cacio e pepe pizza a
play on the classic Roman pasta dish
which is composed of a few simple
ingredients black pepper pecorino and
pasta I've had it on a plate but never
on a pizza it's going to flat the door
okay and put some ice cubes and then I
take and they cook in there what are you
trying to achieve with the ice cubes on
the doll Reina is because I need them
wet surface of the pizza like when
you're eating margarita and if with your
knife you get rid of the tomato yeah you
find a white dough wet that's what I'm
looking for ice without any flavor I see
so I thought just water can give me this
you know see it almost you say there's a
sauce on top but it's just the water
how have you created such a large Empire
here in Rome and around the world we
just because I like the things I do I
enjoy you see that is some water and
this is pecorino cheese with already
some black pepper then also because I
give you normal stuff but indifferent
it's something that is grandmother gave
away it's new but it's like nostalgic in
the same way yes when you eat I want
that you find the crunchiness of the
bottom the creamy in the middle and the
sendee on the top black pepper on the
table so you can add because I love the
kashyap today one is black very hot but
I can serve like that otherwise
everybody but Wow
you see what I mean mm-hmm you really
get that pecorino very good very
different than anything I've ever tried
really interesting your friend it's so
gosh your paper thank you this is
something new cooking pizza with ice
cubes on top and never seen that before
if
I'm in a relationship I love my granita
I'm at Pizza Ari I'm in Rome aka at all
you'll have it can I please have a slice
of the potatoes that looks delicious
thank you this is Gabriella bone cheese
pizza dreamland
you can't talk about pizza in Rome
without talking about bone shoe and his
name came up a lot Ponte is like Chama
me she does improv at all ooh yeah
Eugenio agent Jose Santa Girardi bullshi
llamo he also here soon agree shoo-ee PD
Gabrielle we need to do a debrief
bunchy he has a chef background he took
all of these great toppings stuff like
the induye spreadable salami potatoes
and put them on pizza when he did it
people went crazy and you could tell by
the lines outside from what I've heard
Ponte is a larger-than-life character
and I can't believe that I'm gonna get
the chance to spend some time with him
his world's famous pizzeria and to be
honest I'm kind of nervous
oh yeah we're all the magic happens back
here my booty boat won't she boys yes my
boat you boys learn a lot from him huh
is this my friend okay this this
nobody the Bangladeshi national anthem
Robert walk baccara these guys have a
lot of fun in this kitchen that's the
show I mean it's so many different
pizzas going on right now I don't know
which way to look
no one the pizzeria in the world has
toppings like this yeah steak on that
one this is simply C so at the Roman
Petrie's it's not only about the pizza
it's about the fried goods as well in
Rome they're called sue please are very
very popular here this is Houston
no no rice okay no free rice just his
spaghetti oh it's very very good
I mean his brain works in a different
way than most pizza man this is
innovation right here
mmm-hmm do you want a sweet to me pizza
[Music]
this is your woman enter Wow
this is Dalia this is very important for
the Roman style
wow that's good yeah okay yeah very nice
[Music]
Calabria mozzarella cheese it is almost
like an american-style sausage apples
oregano and then forever
[Music]
like how did this all happen HS / k / q
/ / equal casa la casa de diverse render
a knob below
Quelaag stamina district endo L'Aquila
da ville' panic de la vita  la ferrari
atlanta Contadina don t don t far cristo
estado neo in will get you know she
bought some fisherman to not rally
bounties approach to food has changed
the pizza landscape in Rome he's a real
pizza Idol and I'm even getting the
chance to ride off into the sunset with
him right in his smart car
[Music]
traditionally the world of the chef and
the pizzaiolo had been very separate
but people like bunching up learning the
lines this new approach has inspired the
next generation of chefs to look at
pizza in a new light Gabriela was
actually the one who inspired me to
apply these kind of laws of it to this
picture here because Gabriela was born
as a cook he put on the pizza whatever
you whatever cook would put right and so
I was inspired by that that's why
Julieta was born amazing christina
Powerman is a michelin-starred chef who
recently opened Julieta a pizzeria that
does both Neapolitan and Roman style
pizzas christina spent 16 years in the
States as a lawyer a graphic designer
and then finally a cook
she returned to Rome to cook
professionally in 2004 this pizza is
beautiful it's like by far one of the
most thought-out and elevated looking
pizzas and I've seen in Rome that's
awesome
what's on it so basically what I did is
that I did a flavor profile that's
really Tanya zucchini in two different
shapes so you have like a cooling you
spray a little bit of color to red
avicii which is anchovy juice basically
fermented Italian fish sauce exactly and
then you have ensure these have been
marinated and then the Potala cob which
is right well and then we have the
zucchini I have been deep-fried so you
have the crunchiness of the zucchini
amazing thank you I thought I was gonna
eat alone you don't let anybody you
don't love it thank you
this restaurant is like a temple to
pizza we wanted to have a place that was
completely dedicated to Pizza it was
very important to us so we would choose
like the best ingredients those tomatoes
but more than anything else the best its
aioli we could repeat aioli experts in
their field they know what they're doing
they study every day so I respect that
and in fact I never ever ever enter into
their world the same way though I think
that what goes on top of the pizza is a
cook's job right even in America you
know being a pizzaiolo being a pizza man
it was never a celebrated job my father
was a
you want to make pizza you know but now
it's a celebrated job it's a job that's
elevated like you said being here in
Rome and having a chance to speak to a
real chef about this culture is really
helping open up my eyes so thank you for
inviting me in thank you so much for
coming on really appreciate it
[Music]
I've eaten a lot of pizza and it's time
for a drink I'm meeting up which is up
in a local DJ by the name of white trash
banana for a drink at bars and Calista
this place is filled with characters
I've been around Rome a little bit but
this area that were in seems unique
where are we right now now we are in
Trastevere for me as a kid it was like
our city centre so you're getting out of
a drink Smok we were all like graffiti
and stuff my friend is like you're gonna
tell you a movie star right I know you
fix your movies see damn well this is
Rome huh the pizzeria that were going to
after this Remo is that a funny
appearance
I never been there we were talking about
it yesterday the guy I play with and
it's his favorite pizzeria really what
good chance you know
that was I'm doing on the Remo is a very
famous Roman pizzeria but still feels
like a local spot this is a no-frills
place that serves honest and simple
pizza
since when is crowded is like traffic
control where's the part about your visa
Rome was a became a caterer a difference
a lot to be searched it's a career but
not the same yattawan upon choice a
marui turkish are awarded for the Padres
in front of Russia's Palace panniers a
mega Bishop earn it you know there was a
problem I was trying to figure out like
why this has such a like a familiar
feeling to it but it's almost like a
diner in New York just like the lighting
you have the owner walking around
talking everybody do we go for pizza and
we want something like fried yeah like
simply I go for Margherita with sounds
good I love yo-yo is the pair of glasses
on but then when we gave them the order
you had to put his other glasses on to
check this pizzeria is fun he's got the
whistles you've got four watches on you
know so much meat so you've been eating
you couldn't believe
well you don't get fed I'm getting there
well yeah yeah with the pizza here it's
different than in America it doesn't it
doesn't take as much on your body come
on this one doesn't sit as heavy you
know you live in the dream as a 15 year
or so kid
exactly right in the middle
all right buon appetito
this one is road man yeah this is
amazing so good it's so so thin and
crispy you know are you metal attached
to he said every time we drink if it's a
drink with us
thank you no I don't think it's because
he likes us there is less wine for us
you know it's funny but it's actually
drinking I love that that's his trick
every beat Surya needs a good character
like that you know I'm really good
personality of you
this makes it more fun a lot of
restaurants here they have like this
kind of character inside sometimes it's
to cover that the food is not that the
best you know my ear is not like that is
really no it's real man thank you so
much for coming out and spending some
time with us thank you I spent my best
angle where they drink in a defeat for
me can't beat this the pizza is
delicious thank you for having us
[Music]
it'll be tough